the most obvious choice on the
planet is to whine it's to do nothing
it's to give up it is what most people
do it is the path of least
resistance this isn't us at impact
Theory being in a bubble there is a
whole world of hyper successful
entrepreneurs for whom it's not enough
to have made a ton of cash they really
want to do something
all right epic day today first up we've
got a podcast and then we've got two
episodes back to back I don't normally
do podcasts on days when I have prep to
do especially not two episodes but the
episodes were booked after the podcast
and I never cancel on people so here we
go let's do it let's make it all work
dude trust me you're living literally my
nightmare right now our boy had the
wrong time and I can't do the time that
he wanted so into rescheduling hell we
go that poor guy feel his pain that is
literally my nightmare that something
happen like you want to know what I'm
actually afraid of as we like today we
have two different guests that we're um
shooting my big fear is that I'm going
to prepare for the wrong guest and I'm
going to open the door and someone I
have not prepared for is going to be
staring me in the face yeah so I feel
this pain it's all good we'll reschedule
so right now it's all about David
Eagleman I'm in the final stages of his
intro and he's one of the few people I
don't normally get tense about the intro
it takes a lot of effort but they don't
make me um nervous this one I'm nervous
because I really want to capture it I
want people to see in him what I see in
him I've Rewritten it like four
[Music]
times today's guest is one of the most
widely recognized names in modern
neuroscience and his unique approach to
his work and life continued to bang my
ability to explain him all right we just
wrapped David Eagleman that was awesome
that was one of my favorite episodes to
film doing the research on that guy was
really incredible he is one of the most
profound Minds in Neuroscience period so
next up we have Jarrett Adams uh totally
different it the the weird thing is
these guys there's like a thematic
similarity which was totally accidental
uh so David Eagleman is obsessed with
where law and the Brain meet and how we
should be treating the legal system and
incarceration total differently thinking
about Rehabilitation totally differently
because of what we now know about the
brain Jared Adams was wrongfully
convicted and has a similar fiery
passion to overhaul the justice system
obviously coming at it from a different
angle but saying very similar things
that the justice system does not
rehabilitate people that it's really
about punishment that it's inefficient
punishment I've done a ton of prep work
for Jarrett already um but I like to do
one final pass on the intro to see if I
can make it just a little bit better
that's always my hope right to the last
[Music]
minute
yeah all right and now the final touches
on my prep for Jared Adam begins we had
David Eagleman this morning now we're
going to crush some Jared
[Music]
Adam I'm a hugger so if you're down
we'll do one of thes Boom nice and easy
and then we're off to the race and we'll
sit down jump right into it works this
is a nice set too you know I I quickly
realized that it wasn't about the truth
of my case because if it was I I never
would have been tried convicted anything
right it was about who I was who was
accusing me and what resources did I
have right so but we kind of have to
exaggerate otherwise like yeah oh that's
cool exactly exact the best food
is your mom's house right
yeah but here's the thing and this is my
whole thesis leverage Behavior don't try
to change it so if we know that people
pay attention to those people if we know
that the rock stars of the world is the
people that people just want to hear
about the key is how do you turn
yourself into that right so literally
what I'm doing the reason that these
guys are following me around is I'm
trying to show people that entrepreneurs
can have that same draw that what it is
is its familiarity it's a sense of
connection and a rapper makes you feel
something because they have the vehicle
of music but you have the the gift of
oratory so if you can give yourself a
platform where you're going out and
you're speaking you're recording it
you're cutting it together you're giving
people something that they connect with
that's what the show is about right it's
to it's to marry the intellect and the
emotion and give people a community that
they can be a part of it's appreciate
man it y thank you quick team
meeting great last two days guys I mean
four episodes over two days pretty
incredible very very neat a lot of cool
guests ch choper well played that was an
interesting exercise it gave me a
glimpse into a whole new type of show
that we could do at least you know new
Vibe for the main show all right today
was an awesome day for me it was a
totally mind-blowing day to have David
Eagleman who was one of the four most
thinkers in the mind was absolutely
incredible and then to follow it up with
such a human interest story on a day
where we're doing back-to-back episodes
it is absolutely exhausting I've been up
literally working since
3:31 this morning and to really see the
power of the mind and intention and that
what you craft your mind to become will
really shape your world and so it's
never been more clear to me than today
where David was explaining exactly how
the mind works and then Jared Adams
comes behind and shows what happens when
you take the knowledge of the brain when
you take the knowledge of how to
construct your identity in those moments
of the choice between what happens and
your reaction that that's everything and
that little Gap you can look at from a
neurological perspective of
understanding what it is from a a brain
structure and brain chemistry standpoint
or you can look at it from The Human
Side and understand that we all have
that choice we all exist in that moment
and the way that you react to something
no matter what it is no matter how big
and unfair and unjust in that moment you
get to Define who you are so seeing
those two things Jos today was
incredible as you guys know we're doing
this stuff weekly so if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe and until
next time my friends be legendary
[Music]